[theme music playing]
[girls screech and laugh]
-[Mildred] This is amazing!
-[Enid] I know!
[Mildred] Playing fields
are not supposed to be bouncy!
[Enid] When are you going to get it, Mil?
We're witches!
-We decide what things are supposed to be!
-[Maud] Mildred!
What are you doing?
You know we're supposed to be studying
for spell science.
[Enid] It's only Miss Gullett!
Mildred, you know we're not allowed
to use unofficial potions.
[Enid] No one's going to find out, Maud.
And you can't afford to fail
any more classes.
Look, I know you're right, but... whoo!
[laughter continues]
Maud?
[Enid] Never mind!
Ready to attempt the triple backflip?
[Mildred] Triple backflip?
[Enid] You can do it!
[Mildred] OK, here goes!
[yells]
-[thuds]
-[Mildred groaning]
[Enid laughs]
Use the shower spell, Mildred.
[Mildred coughs]
I think I swallowed a fly!
[Enid] Hey, you've got mail!
It's from my mum. [clears throat]
"Dear Mildred,
as you're a growing witch now,
I've had a clear-out
of your old toys to charity.
Didn't think you'd want to lose this one."
Puss!
-You named your teddy Puss?
-[Mildred] I just always wanted a cat.
[button beeps]
[recorded voice] ♪ One and one make two
One and one make two ♪
-♪ I love you, I do ♪
-Aw! Cute!
♪ One and one make two
One and one make two ♪
[Enid] Cute, but a little annoying.
-♪ One and one make two ♪
-OK, very annoying!
Just my first toy.
My first present from my mum.
When I was little,
I was only ever allowed an actual bear.
An actual...
-With claws and stuff?
-Yeah, I know.
Just like everybody else. Boring, eh?
Come on, we're late.
[button beeps]
♪ One and one make two
One and one make two ♪
[Miss Gullett] I do not need to remind you
that health and safety procedures
must be adhered to at all times.
Maud, look what my mum sent!
[Miss Gullett] If you open my laboratory
rule book on page 1,259,
you can read these regulations in full.
I would like you to peruse these...
[continues indistinctly]
Why did Maud do that?
You're a bit stinky.
[Miss Gullett] ...of this transformation,
by turning this mouse...
Do you think she's OK?
[Miss Gullett] ...into a frog.
-Mildred Hubble!
-Yes, Miss Gullett? [clears throat]
I said I would like you to demonstrate
a simple animal transformation
by turning this mouse into a frog.
A frog?
Ask Maud.
[hushed] Maud!
Maybe you should ask someone else,
Miss Gullett.
[stammers] Nah.
I've got it. I've... got it.
One and all will be agog...
when you see before you...
a... [coughs] ...hog!
I said mouse into frog, not girl into hog!
-Stop that pig! Stop that pig!
-[girl shrieks]
[pig snorts]
Stop that pig!
[girl screams]
[Miss Hardbroom] Silence!
-[students gasp]
-[snorts]
What girl is that?
It's Ethel Hallow, Miss Hardbroom.
And who, as if I did not already know,
is responsible for this?
Mildred Hubble.
Reverse the spell.
-[stammers] But, Miss Hardbroom--
-Now!
[stammers] One and all will be agog,
when you see before you...
um...
Ethel Hallow!
[Ethel with a nasal voice] Miss Hardbroom,
surely this proves that girls
from non-magical backgrounds
should not be allowed... [snorts]
[girls giggle]
[Ethel] What have you done to me?
Uh...
This is a disgrace.
You will go to your room
and you will study.
If you cannot perform
a simple frog transformation by...
two o'clock...
you will be handing in your hat and cloak.
[Ethel] But my nose. What about my nose?
[Tabby meows]
Mum!
-[dance music on headset]
-[Mildred sighs]
Mum!
[bell chimes]
That was my only magic mirror credit.
And you only get them for doing
things right, so I'm never gonna get any.
It's impossible, Tabby.
I don't even have Maud to help me.
[sighs] I can't face one more humiliation.
♪ One and one make two
I love you, I do ♪
One and one make two ♪
♪ I love you, whatever you do ♪
Tabby, I want to go home.
I'm going to help Millie.
Can you stay out of it, please?
Don't blame me for showing her how
to have fun.
to learn magic,
which she's now got to do
in super record time, otherwise she's...
-[gasps]
-[Tabby meows]
...out of here.
[Drusilla] Mildred!
It's Maud and Enid,
they're having a fight.
-What?
-I think it's about you.
You better come quick.
[running footsteps]
Right, you two, this is...
silly.
I'm stuck with this, Mildred Hubble,
because no one can undo it
till they work out exactly how
you botched up such a simple... [snorts]
You know, it isn't that noticeable.
I mean, your nose
was pretty big before, so...
Wait, that came out wrong. I...
[Ethel] This academy is for real witches,
witches who can do
a simple transformation spell.
Witches like me!
In pond or lake or swampy bog,
from this day, you live as a frog!
[ribbits]
-Goodbye, Mildred Hubble.
-[grunts] Ohhh!
[sighs] Another gold star for me.
What?
[Mildred] Ohh!
[clears throat]
[sighs]
Wha... [yells] What...
[male voice echoes]
You're a transformation, aren't you?
I can smell the magic.
[Mildred] Wha... [stammers]
[male voice]
Also, you don't know how to hop!
[Mildred] I have to change back.
Oh, find whoever put the spell on you
and have it reversed.
[Mildred] Yes! To the Academy!
[male voice] The ravens will get you
on the way or the owls or the badgers.
Hmm.
There's not much that doesn't eat us,
thinking about it.
[Mildred]
I am not taking advice from a frog.
[male voice] Excuse me,
I used to be human too, you know.
[Mildred] What?
[male voice] I'm off to the pond.
You can come...
or you can be hedgehog food.
[Maud] She could be halfway home by now...
if she hasn't fallen down the mountain
and injured herself horribly.
That's what I like about you, so positive!
Mildred's had enough and left!
What is there to be positive about?
Well, Ethel Hallow has a snout now
so it's not all bad.
Do you take anything seriously?
Do you ever loosen up?
I'm about to leave the Academy during
a school day without a permission slip!
[Miss Bat] Girls!
No leaving the premises, you know that!
What are you up to, anyway?
Miss Bat, we think Mildred might--
We think Mildred opened the door
to the flying postman.
Postman! Anything for me?
Um... I don't think so.
Were you expecting anything?
I have been for a long, long time,
young Maud Spellbody.
Maybe one day, maybe.
Now, run along to lessons.
Why wouldn't you let me tell her?
Because she'll tell HB and HB will know
that Mil isn't studying for her test
-and then... bye, Mildred!
-[cat meows]
Tabby?
It's Mildred's.
She hasn't left.
But why would she pack her bag
and then just abandon it?
Unless something was wrong.
I've got all sorts of pirated potions
stuffed in my wardrobe.
Let's go and see what we can use.
Maybe I have some
Find and Seek sugars left.
Thank you, but I don't need your help
to find my friend!
[Mildred] You don't understand.
I need to get back to reverse the spell.
[male voice] You cannot get into
the Academy, take it from a former wizard.
[Mildred] You, a wizard?
[male voice] What was it...
Albert, Albatross, Al...
[gulps]
...gernon, that's it.
Algernon Rowan Webb.
First wizard ever to teach in that school,
for a brief period, at least.
[Mildred] Then you must help me get back!
[Mr. Rowan Webb] Young lady,
even if you made it that far,
you'd never get past the familiars.
[Mildred] The cats?
[Mr. Rowan Webb] When you're a witch,
you're their beloved mistress.
When you're a frog... you're their lunch.
[Mildred sighs] Wait for me!
[grunts]
[Mr. Rowan Webb sighs]
[water splashes]
-Huh?
-[Mildred sighs]
[Mildred] I've seen you before, haven't I?
[Mr. Rowan Webb] Hmm? [gulps]
[Mildred] You're the frog who helped me
get inside the Academy on my first day.
[Mr. Rowan Webb] Oh. That was you.
You helped me get back in as a human.
You could help me get back in as a frog.
Give it up!
Relax.
You're safe here.
[Mildred ribbits]
What in the world are you doing
with that broomstick?
It's a little-known function.
It's called "sweeping."
But what is it for?
Dusting... for prints.
The scene of the crime, Midnight.
I'm getting a faint odor of potion.
[sniffs] Transformation potion,
if I'm not very much mistaken.
And... wait one moment.
Who gives herself gold stars?
Ethel Hallow, that's who!
This is all the proof we need.
[Enid] Maud!
Oops.
I had the evidence in my hand,
you nincompoop!
Nincompoop? Really?
[Maud] Now I've lost it.
I could have made Ethel confess!
Ethel! Big surprise.
If all you need is a confession,
I've got a truth-telling serum
we could use on her.
No. You breaking the rules
is what got Mildred into this mess.
You following the rules
is what got her into this mess.
[Maud] And I'll get her out of it better
by myself.
Why will you not let me help?
See, you don't like being left
on the sidelines either.
No one's trying to do that to you.
You'll always be Mildred's best friend,
but it doesn't mean that she can't
have fun with me once in a while.
Come on, Midnight.
I'll prove Ethel was here by myself.
[Maud] I believe Ethel Hallow was
in the West Tower classroom this morning.
-[Drusilla] What?
-[Maud] And I suspect you were with her.
[Drusilla] I don't know what
you're talking about.
Then I'm afraid I must sincerely apologize
for what I'm about to do.
[Drusilla shrieks]
Stop! Please!
-[Maud] Admit it. Ethel was there!
-[Drusilla] OK, OK, just let me down!
[Mildred] You're a wizard,
how did you even end up here?
[Mr. Rowan Webb]
Human memories fade after a while.
I don't remember the details.
[Mildred]
How you became a frog is not a detail.
If you didn't miss being a human,
why would you have kept this human stuff?
-[Mr. Rowan Webb] Hmm?
-[Mildred] What is it, anyway?
-[Mr. Rowan Webb] Oh! Oh, no, look!
-[Mildred] Oh, no!
-[Mr. Rowan Webb] My stuff!
-[Mildred] Oh, I'm sorry!
-Ooh, hang on, I'll get it for you!
-[Mr. Rowan Webb] Get that locket!
-Please!
-[Mildred] Who's that?
[Mr. Rowan Webb] I don't remember.
I think she was important to me
before I...
I just don't remember her name.
[Mildred] Great!
Someone cared about you enough
to give you this,
and you just forgotten her.
Well, I have someone
who cares about me. My mum.
Are you going to stand by
while I forget her?
[Mr. Rowan Webb sighs]
I suppose I could get you there.
[Mildred] Yes!
[laughs]
I really think it was one of the best
staff nights out we ever had. [laughs]
When Miss Cackle
made Miss Hardbroom's cap disappear...
Well, nobody invited me!
Oh, there must have been
an oversight, Miss Gullett.
-Mmm.
-Oversight, definitely!
[Miss Hardbroom]
I'll need witnesses in five minutes
for what I'm sure will be
a pitiful display.
Actually,
I have a very important potion to prepare
for my next class, Miss Hardbroom.
I'm sure you can cope very well
without me.
[Miss Cackle]
Uh, what display is this, Heggety?
Two words, Miss Cackle,
and the second is Hubble.
Oh, dear! What's she done now?
It's what she hasn't done.
Competence in basic magical tasks
is a standard entry requirement.
And if the girl is not ready and willing,
we will, of course,
be forced to fail her. Automatically.
[Mr. Rowan Webb]
How did I let you talk me into this?
-[Mildred] It's the only way, sir!
-[bell rings]
The corridor should clear soon, sir.
That's the bell for fourth period.
[Mr. Rowan Webb] What about the cats?
They have lessons now, do they?
[Mildred] Look, frogs hop faster
than cats run, sir... right? Right!
-Now!
-[Mr. Rowan Webb] Yes, Mildred Hubble!
Unicorns are real too!
-[Mildred] I know, yeah!
-[Mr. Rowan Webb] Move!
-[girl 1] Have you done your revision?
-[girl 2] Yeah, have you?
[girl 1] Just finishing it off.
[girl 2] I'm just catching up.
[chatter continues indistinctly]
-[cat growls]
-[Mildred gasps]
[teacher] OK, little witches, settle!
[Mildred] Help! Cat!
-[cat snarls]
-[Mildred] Oh, no!
[growling]
[gasps]
-[Mr. Rowan Webb] Come get me, furball!
-[cat snarls]
[Mildred]
This seemed like such a good idea.
[girls talking indistinctly]
Ethel!
[Ethel] I will not be mocked for something
which is no fault of my own.
Anyone looks at my nose,
they're straight for the pond.
No one's looking
and no one suspects what you've done.
I mean, how could they?
It's not like I'd have said anything.
-[chuckles nervously]
-[frog croaking]
[Maud] Ethel?
I need a word, please.
By which she means
you are busted, snout face!
-[gasps]
-[frog croaking]
[cat snarls]
[meows]
You can never have a big enough stock
of fresh frog's eyeballs.
[Mr. Rowan Webb] This worked out well.
[Mildred] I'm sorry, sir.
[Mr. Rowan Webb] I should have stayed safe
and warm in the pond.
-[Miss Hardbroom] As I expected...
-[Mildred] HB!
...she's not here.
[Mildred] I am here! I'm over here!
I was very clear about time.
-[Miss Cackle] Heggety, I think we--
-[Maud] Stop!
I'm afraid Mildred can't be here
and she knows why!
-[Mildred] Help!
-[Mr. Rowan Webb] Have to let them know!
That you're you!
Miss Cackle, I have no idea
what this is about.
She changed Mildred into something,
and now we don't know where she is.
What?
[Mildred] ♪ One and one make two ♪
♪ One and one make two ♪
-Either way, Mildred is incapable...
-[Miss Gullett] Frog's eyeballs!
[Miss Hardbroom] ...of completing
the most straightforward spells.
-[Maud] B-But, Miss Hardbroom!
-[Miss Hardbroom] Are you questioning me?
[Mildred hums and croaks]
[Maud] I would never...
[Mildred croaks]
Oi! What do you think you're doing?
-This is Mildred.
-Don't be ridiculous.
[Enid] Maud, it's her! It really is.
Ethel transformed you, didn't she?
[croaks]
Change her back, please.
In pond, lake or swampy bog,
bring this girl back from a frog!
-[Maud] Millie!
-[gasps]
Mil! Oh, Millie!
Millie! Millie!
You're back!
To my office, then.
There will be a serious price to pay
for this breach of the code.
Miss Cackle, I went to the pond.
Another frog helped me get back.
He was a human, too,
a wizard, Algernon Rowan Webb.
-That's him! Stop!
-Nonsense! This is just another frog!
Miss Cackle, please, listen!
Actually, she's telling the truth.
I've waited for him for a very long time.
-I'd know Algy anywhere.
-[Miss Gullett] Then have him!
-[thuds]
-[women grunting]
No running! Health and safety!
[Miss Hardbroom]
Start talking, Miss Gullett.
It's not my fault!
I needed the job.
I wasn't going to lose out to a wizard!
[frog croaks]
Change him back!
Tail of rat and leg of lizard,
turn this frog back into a wizard!
Hmm!
[Mildred]
The girl from the photo was Miss Bat.
[Mr. Rowan Webb] Ahh! I remember!
I remember everything.
Especially what she did!
It gives me no pleasure to say...
you are dismissed, Miss Gullett.
You really are the worst teacher.
[girls giggle]
This is all very well, but there
is still the matter of a test t-t...
Mildred Hubble!
How did you get there?
Hmm! I'm a wizard!
What are they teaching you girls
these days?
Well, I'm leaving now,
Mr. Rowan Webb, so--
You don't strike me as someone
who'd settled for the safety
of the pond, Mildred Hubble.
I'm no witch, either.
[Mr. Rowan Webb] Ah! I know that excuse.
I was the first wizard
in a witches' academy,
and it's tough, isn't it? Hmm?
A non-witch might not make the grade.
I haven't made the grade.
Go home then.
But at the back of your mind,
there will always be a little voice
wondering if you could have made it.
I know... because I've been hearing
that little voice myself
for a long, long time.
[Maud] Millie!
-The test!
-You can't walk away now!
[Maud] You want to be a witch
more than anything.
[Mr. Rowan Webb] How about this?
You give it a try and so will I, hmm?
I felt sure that she would at least try.
I say, you haven't lost your touch,
Mr. Rowan Webb!
I'm ready for the test.
Very well.
Frog.
[clears throat]
One and all will be agog,
when you see before you a tiny frog!
Tiny frog!
Frog!
-Frog!
-Stop.
I think we've seen all we need to see.
It's obvious that Mildred Hubble--
[Miss Bat]
Mildred Hubble is quite the magician.
I haven't seen a multi-transformation like
that in some time, have you, Miss Cackle?
[Miss Cackle] Quite right, Miss Bat.
A very impressive display, Mildred Hubble.
Now, back to lessons.
[Mildred] Thank you, Miss Cackle.
Oh... um...
What will happen to Ethel and her nose?
I'll work out how to fix her nose,
but the punishment will fit the crime.
Hmm!
[Miss Cackle] Tell the girls they won't
see Ethel Hallow for a day or two.
[Ethel] I'm not a frog! I'm not a frog!
Oh, I'll get you for this, Mildred Hubble!
[Miss Gullett] You know the worst thing?
This place
is a health and safety minefield.
[Ethel sighs] Let it go, Miss Gullett.
-[Enid] There's no need to apologize.
-[Maud] Yes, there is.
You were the one who saved Millie, not me.
If you hadn't recognized that song,
I dread to think what would have happened.
[Enid] You did pretty well yourself.
I suppose everybody can use
more than one friend.
Now be honest, did you really
take Drusilla one mile straight up?
I really did!
You two, I didn't get a proper chance
to say thanks for rescuing me.
It's only what you would have done.
Although, you'd have made
a bigger mess of it.
Yeah.
In other words,
we make a pretty crafty team, right?
Right!
Come on, girls, find your seats!
-Mr. Rowan Webb.
-Come on!
Your new spell science teacher!
And I hope things are gonna get
a bit more intere... sting...
around... here.
[gulps]
[theme music plays]